linkedin-programming-foundation-object-oriented-design/README.md, before:

# Programming Foundations: Object-Oriented Design

Author: Kyungrae Kim

Notes taken during Programming Foundations: Object-Oriented Design from LinkedIn Learning.

---

## Table of Contents

1. [Object-oriented Fundamentals](01-object-oriented-fundamentals/README.md)
2. [Requirements](02-requirements/README.md)
3. [Use Cases and User Stories](03-use-cases-and-user-stories/README.md)
4. [Domain Modeling](04-domain-modeling/README.md)
5. [Class Diagrams](05-class-diagrams/README.md)
6. [Inheritance and Compositions](06-inheritance-and-composition/README.md)
7. Software Development

---

## Learning Objectives

* Object-oriented basics: objects, classes, and more
* Encapsulation
* Inheritance
* Defining requirements
* Identifying use cases, actors, and scenarios
* Domain modeling
* Identifying class responsibilities and relationships
* Creating class diagrams
* Using abstract classes
* Working with inheritance
* Developing software with object-oriented design principles

---

## References

* [LinkedIn Learning - Programming Foundations: Object-Oriented Design](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/programming-foundations-object-oriented-design-3/object-oriented-thinking)

Commit message:

back links added + toc added + scaffolding li-of-ood-07

linkedin-programming-foundation-object-oriented-design/README.md, after:

# Programming Foundations: Object-Oriented Design

[<- Back to the repository Table of Contents](../README.md)

Author: Kyungrae Kim

Notes taken during Programming Foundations: Object-Oriented Design from LinkedIn Learning.

---

## Table of Contents

1. [Object-oriented Fundamentals](01-object-oriented-fundamentals/README.md)
2. [Requirements](02-requirements/README.md)
3. [Use Cases and User Stories](03-use-cases-and-user-stories/README.md)
4. [Domain Modeling](04-domain-modeling/README.md)
5. [Class Diagrams](05-class-diagrams/README.md)
6. [Inheritance and Compositions](06-inheritance-and-composition/README.md)
7. [Software Development](07-software-development/README.md)

---

## Learning Objectives

* Object-oriented basics: objects, classes, and more
* Encapsulation
* Inheritance
* Defining requirements
* Identifying use cases, actors, and scenarios
* Domain modeling
* Identifying class responsibilities and relationships
* Creating class diagrams
* Using abstract classes
* Working with inheritance
* Developing software with object-oriented design principles

---

## References

* [LinkedIn Learning - Programming Foundations: Object-Oriented Design](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/programming-foundations-object-oriented-design-3/object-oriented-thinking)
